added support for miniMACRO5 and bigKNOBv2 (#9389)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/leafcutterlabs/bigKNOBv2/readme.md

> #bigknobv2
> Macropad Media Controrller with USC-C + RGB underglow + Hotswaps and support for upto 40mm knob
> ![](https://imgur.com/8ZBC23k)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# bigKNOBv2

Macropad Media Controller with USB-C + RGB underglow + Hotswap and support for up to 40mm knob

![](https://i.imgur.com/8ZBC23k.jpg)
```
